Crystal Potter

1 Main Street
New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337
E-Mail: example-email@example.com

Summary

Skilled Bilingual Technical Service Agent fluent in English and Mandarin offering superior technical knowledge for computer desktop and laptop support. Effectively identifies problems using advanced troubleshooting skills. Committed to performing superior work in deadline-driven environments.

Highlights

Proficient in Windows operating systems
Documentation expertise
Service-focused
Passion for technology
Skilled communicator

Conflict resolution techniques
Familiar with networking issues
Creative problem solver
Billing and account questions
Hard working

Accomplishments

Drove quality assurance and customer satisfaction team-wide through telephone script improvements.
Routinely helped as many as 150 customers each day in a high-volume call center environment.
Consistently earned high marks from management and customers for professionalism, problem resolution, and technical knowledge.

Experience

September 2012 to Current
Loen Computer Systems New Cityland, CA
Technical Service Agent

Answer incoming technical support calls from residential and small business customers in both English and Mandarin.
Resolve problems with malfunctioning products and general support issues.
Remain up-to-date on the latest technologies and solutions applicable to company products.
Upsell products and services to increase company revenue by 10% beyond company targets.

May 2009 to August 2012
Galaxy Technology New Cityland, CA
Technical Support Representative 


Managed call flow and responded to technical support needs of customers.
Demonstrated professionalism and courtesy with customers at all times.
Created cases and claims for damaged, lost, or displaced purchases.
Followed up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction.

February 2007 to April 2009
Black Label Technical Systems New Cityland, CA
Technical Support Representative

Provided base level IT support to non-technical personnel within the business.
Installed software, modified and repaired hardware, and resolved technical issues.
Met and exceeded productivity goals for every single month.

Education

2006 Collins Technical College New Cityland, CA
Associate of Science Computer Science